dx-1202 State info regarding partial reversals and captures (#683)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/field-description-state.md

> Indicates the state of the transaction, usually `initialized`, `completed` or
> `failed`. If a partial {{ transaction }} has been done and further transactions
> are possible, the state will be `awaitingActivity`.
> {{- id_text | strip_newlines -}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{%- capture text -%}
Indicates the state of the transaction, usually `initialized`, `completed` or
`failed`. If a partial {{ transaction }} has been done and further transactions
are possible, the state will be `awaitingActivity`.
{%- endcapture -%}
{{- text | strip_newlines -}}
```

Indicates the state of the transaction, usually `initialized`, `completed` or
`failed`. If a partial {{ transaction }} has been done and further transactions

> are possible, the state will be `awaitingActivity`.  

Reviewer: I think `_includes/field-description-state.md` needs to take greater care of linefeeds. Checkout out how this is done in `field-description-id.md` for instance.

Reviewer: @arebra ☝️

Author: Is this what you meant?

Reviewer: Almost! :)
